[SOAR-834] - Add whitelist to Pan OS set network object (#478)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: palo_alto_pan_os/help.md

### Actions

#### Create Address Object

> This action is used to create a new address object.

Reviewer: We need to get give some additional details here for the user. Document what we support for autodetection and document that we do not do a subnet in CIDR check with an example for illustration.

Author: Fixed

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|address_object|string|None|True|The IP-Address, IP-Range, or FQDN e.g. 192.168.1.1, 192.168.1.0/24, google.com, google.com|None|1.1.1.1|
|object_description|string|None|False|A description for the address object|None|Blocked host from Insight Connect|
|object_name|string|None|True|The name of the address object|None|Blocked host|
|tags|string|None|False|Tags for the address object. Use commas to separate multiple tags|None|malware|
|whitelist|[]string|None|False|This list contains a set of network object that should not be blocked. This can include IPs, CIDR notation, or domains. It can not include an IP range (such as 10.0.0.0-10.0.0.10)|None|["1.1.1.1","1.1.1.2"]|

Example input:

```
{
  "address_object": "1.1.1.1",
  "object_description": "Address object from InsightConnect",

>   "object_name": "ip from InsightConnect",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "object_name": "IP from InsightConnect",
```

### Actions

#### Create Address Object

This action is used to create a new address object. It will accept an IP, CIDR, Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN), 

> or IP range E.g. 10.1.1.1, 192.168.1.0/24, 10.1.1.1-10.1.1.9, or www.example.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or IP range E.g. 10.1.1.1, 192.168.1.0/24, 10.1.1.1-10.1.1.9, or www.example.com.
```

This action supports a whitelist as a safety check to prevent users from blocking explicitly stated hosts.

> If the action encounters a host matched in the whitelist, the action will succeed but skip blocking the entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the action encounters a host or network matched in the whitelist, the action will succeed but skip blocking the entry.
```

The whitelist accepts one or more of any combination of IP addresses, CIDR addresses, and domains e.g. 
["10.1.1.2", "192.168.1.0/24", "www.example.com"]. Note that the whitelist does not support IP ranges, they will not be 

> checked against the whitelist of objects.  In addition, the whitelist supports match against CIDRs explicitly but will 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
checked against the whitelist of objects.  An additional note is that the whitelist supports matching against CIDRs exactly but will 
```

In this case, we will strip the /32 from the end and check the IP against the whitelist or the exact CIDR match.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|address_object|string|None|True|The IP address, network CIDR, or FQDN e.g. 192.168.1.1, 192.168.1.0/24, google.com google.com|None|1.1.1.1|
|object_description|string|None|False|A description for the address object|None|Blocked host from Insight Connect|
|object_name|string|None|True|The name of the address object|None|Blocked host|
|tags|string|None|False|Tags for the address object. Use commas to separate multiple tags|None|malware|
|whitelist|[]string|None|False|This list contains a set of network objects that should not be blocked. This can include IPs, CIDR notation, or domains. It can not include an IP range (such as 10.0.0.0-10.0.0.10)|None|["198.51.100.100", "192.0.2.0/24", "example.com"]|

Example input:

```
{
  "address_object": "1.1.1.1",
  "object_description": "Address object from InsightConnect",
  "object_name": "IP from InsightConnect",
  "tags": "malicious",

>   "whitelist": ["1.1.1.2/32"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "whitelist": ["198.51.100.100", "192.0.2.0/24", "example.com"]
```

#### Create Address Object

This action is used to create a new address object. It will accept an IP, CIDR, Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN), 
or IP range E.g. 10.1.1.1, 192.168.1.0/24, 10.1.1.1-10.1.1.9, or www.example.com

This action supports a whitelist as a safety check to prevent users from blocking explicitly stated hosts.
If the action encounters a host matched in the whitelist, the action will succeed but skip blocking the entry.

The whitelist accepts one or more of any combination of IP addresses, CIDR addresses, and domains e.g. 

> ["10.1.1.2", "192.168.1.0/24", "www.example.com"] Note that the whitelist does not support IP ranges, they will not be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
["10.1.1.2", "192.168.1.0/24", "www.example.com"]. Note that the whitelist does not support IP ranges, they will not be 
```
